## Hello, Github
I have created this account 8 or so years ago, yet I haven't made any commitment to this community until a few days ago (and even that was creating a repository merely from another user's template), like very recently.   
I haven't touched this account ever since 2014 & 2015 till the very last winter.   
**IN** these years, I have gone through a lot of life events, like several transfers among senior high schools, going to another city far away from my hometown, falling in love, going abroad, another few transfers among universities, going home, attending a different college, and falling in love again. Computer science is no longer as cool-looking as the first times I thought about working in this field, but where am I to say something like this? I mean, I haven't really done a lot with it yet, although I have always said I loved it and considered it true.   
I really started getting down to using Github again recently because I wanted to build a blog. This idea originated from the time when I saw so many members on Mastodon had created their own blogs and were encouraging more people to join them. The most often suggested way to build a blog was to build it with Github.   
After some researches, I came to think it would be quite meaningful for me to build a blog at this time, partly because I need to pick up programming again. Also, I love to write a lot in various languages, natural or programming, and always feel the urge to note things down and share. Therefore, the researches not only propelled me to start testing the different ways of setting up a personal blog, but also drew me into the idea of buying VPS services and do all kinds of more cool stuff.     
I used to be a good programmer among my peers, or learner of CS. In real life, I had fear for many challenging stuff, but whenever it came to programming and writing, I had the feeling that I was invicible... or eager to be challenge the difficulties. My ex considered me talented in programming as well... though I guess during the time I wandered in many other areas for many other things, he has surpassed me long ago and is now way ahead of me, I appreciate that he made this comment often in that relationship. 
